all right what's wrong guys welcome back
to my call duty top five plays of the
week this is week number 70 and it's
5:00 a.m. right now but I don't care cuz
we ruin this commentator right now come
on number five we got a bzl on our on
say his name please playing call of duty
too so why not throw this thing sheet up
to 720 kill cam on call of duty - I've
never seen something like that but here
it is again in slow-mo the second you
get the kill the like main menu
scoreboard thing pops up but you know he
got the kill you see right there he has
ten points you know what dude I thought
it was just a nice little mixed up all
right we threw that in because now we're
going back to black ops 2 we got FM
Jay's and number four he's gonna jump
off this cool spot on Studio little
crossbow cancel insta Swamp Thing and he
hits the guy into the window that was a
pretty dope shot I haven't really I
don't think I've seen like a six shot
off that like little glitch spot right
there and yeah he nails the guy right at
the window that was pretty dope honestly
I don't know if I was 1080 I wasn't
really paying attention but I don't want
to say it was because if it was 720
people are gonna get mad at me so please
don't hate me coming out number three we
got svl he's on mw3 all right so we got
him right here he's gonna jump off do a
little cam swap and then he hits the guy
from under him nice suicide shot right
there so we got we got caught - you got
black ops 2 and now we got mw3 were
mixed in enough look at that
dropping down hold on I'm doing a top 5
plays he hits the wall bang good job
dude that was a dope shot coming at
number 2 we're gonna move over to a raid
you know it's not now not much different
than usual we got majestic he's gonna
jump off here little sensor grenade
cancels like fire and then he shoots him
real quick and I like this shot because
it was in search and he hit the I'll go
to the top you'll see again right here
so I know he's usually sees shots like
this at free-for-all but this was in
search and he actually did this really
fast cuz like the barrier to die is
really like low right there and he hit
the guy all the way to the window I
think I might have had a wall bang - so
that was dope
I really liked that one that was number
2 got number one this shots fucking sick
we got torque infinite on studio you
know the best map effort everyone's out
out of risky Pete saloon and he gets
wall bangs I don't even know how that
was a double wall bang somehow he hit
him I don't know I didn't know this was
possible but like you see him right now
you know the Luck's there because you
cannot risky beat saloon this little
incest wall 1082 double wall bang crazy
shot good job and Finnick
on the number one spot make sure you
guys drop a like if you enjoyed this top
5 plays and submit your clips to apex
top 5 a yahoo.com follow me on Twitter
Facebook snapchat Instagram everything
on the screen in the description and I
will see you guys tomorrow
have a great weekend peace out